📝 Rework local tethered development (#2933)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/local/tethered.md

weight: 2
---

To test changes locally, you can connect your locally running web server
to service containers on an active Platform.sh environment.
This method requires less configuration than tools such as [DDEV](./ddev.md),
but may not perform well enough for everyday use.
Because it replies on a local web server, it's also less consistent across your team.

{{% guides/local-requirements %}}

## Create the tethered connection

{{% tethered-dev/steps-start %}}

1.  Run your application locally.
    Make sure it's set up to read configuration from Platform.sh environment variables.

    If you app relies on other Platform.sh environment configuration, such as routes or secret variables,
    make sure to mock those variables as well.

    Your options for running the app depend on the language and configuration.
    You can use the serve for your language, install a copy of Nginx,
    or use a virtual machine or Docker image.

{{% tethered-dev/steps-end %}}

## Connect to services directly

With open tunnels to all your services, you can also connect to the running services directly.

> Get information on all running services by running the following command:

Reviewer: 🛠️ 
```suggestion
To get information on all running services, run the following command:
```
